 the creation of humankind, if somebody asks about this simple question I am pretty sure that one has to go through numerous counterquestions. why do you think this way like don't you believe in Allah don't you fear Jahannam? 
your spiritualism needs a drive and I think this is corrupted if you think this way. Don't you feel ashamed when you pray only to save yourself from the fire of Jahannam? you are doing wrong your god created you to worship. you have to worship. your god created your brain this way to ask questions to yourself. you will be baffled by not finding any way to approach your answer especially when the question is spiritual and you won't find any logic and surrender and just try your full to have faith. When the question is about faith the one must understand what faith means to his own self because the reason is there for different people faith has a different value. everyone has their own ideology and their own reasons to exist. 

All times questions that I have in my tiny little brain, the reason for the death-birth cycle. The cycle keeps repeating itself. The real answer to the spiritual problem must be found from within. Because you have the ability to reach for the answer with built-in functionality in your brain. And that built-in function is known as intuition. Just as the newborn baby leans towards the breast that feeds milk. Just as the spider cobs web. Answer your intuition and please don't give up when you reach the dead-end.  

Humans are storytelling species they love to tell stories and the others believe in them and thus whether the story is a lie or there was some truth in the story is not the center of attention. All that matters is others believe in that story. The existence of satan the story of Iblis, Lucifer, The fallen. His story is not that pathetic. its All lies in the Wish of the creator Whom he favors and whom he gives an unfair advantage. Abu Jahel did not get the peace, the Abu Lahab did not get the peace the Hamza did not get the peace they did not say La ilaha Illallah. they did not have the opportunity to save themselves from fire. the Lucifer (Iblish) made From Noor the Fire the luminous fire how did the fire can cut fire? how did the lucifer get an unfair advantage by having the opportunity to become a slave and keep busy to make you go one step closer to the Jahannam? Iblis will be going to Jahannam  
Why do you fear Jahannam? Why are you so greedy of Jannah?  It Doesn't depend on you cause you are not the only factor why you might have the Jannat. It depends on more complicated factors. the biggest reason is the almighty. He is responsible. He is responsible for the death of the pious man that you mob killed by the name of Quran defamation. This type of mob killing was always there this is not something new. You killed on the name of Islam that by killing them you are one step closer to Jannah, Who knows it just not depends on you.

There you killed Shahidunnobi, you burn his body in the fire as he is no human, you burn his existence. What crime did he commit? If he were a minor Hindu? you will do the same. the mob Hindu in India does the same beating, same mob lynching to the minority. but here! you killed your own men. Actually, the whole game was a lie and there is a glitch. and the glitch is you don't see who is yours and who is theirs. you don't recognize yourself all the time you did not recognize you are human. 

the lie that you spoke to yourself is madness. the lie you are nourishing will bring destruction to you , to your family to the humankind. the society is a place to live it is not a place to be killed  

